README.md, before:

# Stonecap Mountain
The Battle for Stonecap Mountain, a turn-based strategy combat game

Resources:

Unity- the main software the game is being made in. I chose this because I have worked with it quite a bit on smaller personal projects, and I’ve found C# to be an easy language to pick up from my experience in Java and Javascript, specifically. Unity is one of the 2 largest publicly available game engines used in industry, making it easily one of the most popular.

Unity store- Where I’ve gone to find characters, animations, props, and scenery available for free or purchase from other game developers, artists or companies working in Unity

Visual studio- the development environment I’m writing code in. I don’t have a particular reason for using this other than the fact that most of the coding I’ve done has been in this IDE. 

C#- the programming language this project will be written in, as mandated by using Unity. This language is object-oriented, but the Unity engine provides some base methods that can be overridden to accomplish scripting tasks when certain events happen, like the game starting up or a player connecting over a network. 

Itch.io- the site I will be using for publishing the game and hosting it to allow users to download it. This is one of the most common sites for small developers to publish games to, as the service is offered free of charge and many users go to this site to find unique games developed in smaller studios. 

Unity docs- the documentation site to help with using Unity’s built-in functions, packages and classes.

Git/github- version control site, mostly to be used to keep the readme file updated and publicize assignments since Unity games are too big to keep in a github project.

Paper- coding structure/class design- determining what functions should be in what scripts, what packages will be needed per script, what variables should exist, etc.

Google Docs- for presenting information to the class, and for creating a player guide to help players get started in the game.

Commit message:

Update README.md- game released

README.md, after:

# Stonecap Mountain
The Battle for Stonecap Mountain, a turn-based strategy combat game

This game is now downloadable from Itch.io [Here](https://greisee32.itch.io/stonecap-mountain)

Resources:

Unity- the main software the game is being made in. I chose this because I have worked with it quite a bit on smaller personal projects, and I’ve found C# to be an easy language to pick up from my experience in Java and Javascript, specifically. Unity is one of the 2 largest publicly available game engines used in industry, making it easily one of the most popular.

Unity store- Where I’ve gone to find characters, animations, props, and scenery available for free or purchase from other game developers, artists or companies working in Unity

Visual studio- the development environment I’m writing code in. I don’t have a particular reason for using this other than the fact that most of the coding I’ve done has been in this IDE. 

C#- the programming language this project will be written in, as mandated by using Unity. This language is object-oriented, but the Unity engine provides some base methods that can be overridden to accomplish scripting tasks when certain events happen, like the game starting up or a player connecting over a network. 

Itch.io- the site I will be using for publishing the game and hosting it to allow users to download it. This is one of the most common sites for small developers to publish games to, as the service is offered free of charge and many users go to this site to find unique games developed in smaller studios. 

Unity docs- the documentation site to help with using Unity’s built-in functions, packages and classes.

Git/github- version control site, mostly to be used to keep the readme file updated and publicize assignments since Unity games are too big to keep in a github project.

Paper- coding structure/class design- determining what functions should be in what scripts, what packages will be needed per script, what variables should exist, etc.

Google Docs- for presenting information to the class, and for creating a player guide to help players get started in the game.
